=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

se - Fast connection to SSH configugration file

=head1 SYNOPSIS

se(1) parse your SSH configuration and pick your hostnames. 

You can have 4 types of hostname:

=over 4

=item 1. 

default hostname B<Host bar.tld>

=item 2.

other hostnames B<#MYHOST foo@bar.tld>

=item 3.

prefered hostnames B<#PREFHOST foo@bar.tld>

=item 4.

exclude hostnames B<#EXCLUDE bar.tld>

=back

B<foo> { B<this>|B<that> } [ B<-flags> ] [ B<-o> I<option> ] I<argument> [ I<more...> ]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

se(1) reads your SSH config file and check every line.

=head2 Default

Every line started by B<Host> is added in the list.
ssh_config(5) accepts wildcards. se(1) exclude every lines with B<*>.

Default hosts can be accessed by their id (digits) or by "AI". Exemple: foobar-01 can be accessed by B<f1> or B<fo1>...

Some "default hostname" can be excluded (see: I<Exclude hostname>).

=head2 Other

You can add other hostnames in comments with B<#MYHOST foo.bar>. These hosts are only acceded by digit in stdin.

=head2 Prefered 

Prefered host are only available with a single letter in se(1). In you configuration, you can set B<#PREFHOST foo.bar>. 

Be careful, in alphabet, we have 26 letters (a -> z).

=head2 Exclude

You can exclude some "default hosts" in se(1). You can set with B<#EXCLUDE foo.bar>. Allways put the exclude in the end of your SSH configuration.

=head1 EXAMPLE

Exemple of SSH config:
	
	Host linux-01
	    User root
	    Hostname 127.0.0.1
	    Port 40372
	
	Host linux-02
	    User root
	    Hostname 127.0.0.1
	    Port 40373
	
	Host relay
		User relay 
		Hostname 10.0.0.1
		LocalForward 12345 www.foo.bar:22
	
	#MYHOST user@linux-02
	#PREFHOST user@linux-02
	#EXCLUDE relay

=head1 AUTHOR

se(1) was writen by Emilien Mantel <S<emilien.mantel@debianiste.org>>

=head1 SEE ALSO

Other man pages to check out, like se(1), ssh(7), ssh_config(5).

